SPIEL FOR MUSIC AUDITIONS

“Hi (name), welcome to AB music auditions! (something to make them feel comfortable) I’m Grace, and I’m the music director for AB, and I’ll be taking you through the audition today. First, we’re going to go through a couple warm ups to get a feel for your range, okay?

“We’re going to have you do this - oooooooo - on any vowel you want. Ready?” on 123454321, in F.
Do it again in F and move up by half steps. Take girls no higher than A flat on top.

If they make it up to A flat, reassure them that we don’t take anyone higher because they won’t have to go higher in our group. Announce to the group what note they made it up to, and say like good job or something.

“Now we’ll have you do this going down - oooooo - again on any vowel you want.” (54321 in B flat)

Announce to the group the lowest note they got to and tell them they’re doing well.

“Now we’re going to have you do a quick sight reading test. I can play the first note as many times as you want. So go ahead and look at this (hand them the paper), take up to 30 seconds to look through it, and when you’re ready, go ahead and sing it for us. You can sing it on solfege, any syllable, whatever you want- we just ask that you don’t practice it out loud before you sing it for us.”

Wait around 30 seconds, if they haven’t started, prompt them to start. Then tell them they did well no matter what. 

“Next we’re going to do a short tonal memory exercise, which means that I’ll play 5 notes and you will sing them back to me. I can play it up to 3 times before you’ll need to sing it back, and we just ask that you don’t sing along with the piano while I play. Ready?”

The tonal memory is C^F-A^B^D (^ is up to and - is down to, middle C)

They’ll listen a couple times probably and then try it, just reassure them that they did well regardless. 

“Okay, great job! Next we’ll have you sing your solo, do you need a note or anything? (they’ll say yes or no or whatever) Okay, whenever you’re ready!”

Applaud them at the end, and then Smania/Isaac will take over!

Thanks Aldon!!!